update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md for main branch [skip ci] (#948)
firesim/firesim: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- Does this change the generated Verilog or the simulator memory map of the default targets?  -->

### Contributor Checklist

> - [ ] Did you add Scaladoc to every public function/method?

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Is this PR's title suitable for inclusion in the changelog and have you added a `changelog:<topic>` label?
- [ ] Did you add Scaladoc/docstring/doxygen to every public function/method?
```

- [ ] (If applicable) Did you regenerate and publicly share default AGFIs?

> <!-- Do this if this PR is a bugfix that should be applied to master -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- Do this if this PR is a bugfix that should be applied to the latest release -->
```

- [ ] (If applicable) Did you mark the PR as "Please Backport"?

> - [ ] (On merge) Did you update release notes in the dev-to-master PR ?

Author: I assume that these need to have alternate suggestions and we also need to remove the `master` in the comment above this too.

Reviewer: Yea, I think the comment needs to change to something like `Do this if this PR is a bugfix that should be applied to the latest release`. The other bullets seem reasonable still.

<!-- Does this change the generated Verilog or the simulator memory map of the default targets?  -->

### Contributor Checklist

> - [ ] Is this PR's title suitable for inclusion in the changelog and have you added a `changelog:<topic>` label?

Reviewer 2: I know you said it above, but maybe "If not, add the label changelog:omit"  in a secondary bullet?
